Add rule to prefer shorthand `if let` optional unwrapping syntax (#192)
airbnb/swift: README.md

    & CivilizationServiceProviding
  ```

> * <a id='if-let-shorthand'></a>(<a href='#if-let-shorthand'>link</a>) Omit the right-hand side of the expression when unwrapping an optional property to a non-optional property with the same name. [![SwiftFormat: redundantOptionalBinding](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-redundantOptionalBinding-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#redundantOptionalBinding)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a id='prefer-if-let-shorthand'></a>(<a href='#prefer-if-let-shorthand'>link</a>) Omit the right-hand side of the expression when unwrapping an optional property to a non-optional property with the same name. [![SwiftFormat: redundantOptionalBinding](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-redundantOptionalBinding-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#redundantOptionalBinding)
```

What do you think of making the link more descriptive, which is aligned with other links?

  ```swift
  // WRONG

>   if let galaxy,

Reviewer: Did you use a regex to search for other code examples to correct, or did you look through all of them?

Author: I think I looked at all cases of `if let` and `guard let` in the document
